User, admin, developer documentation (#214)
LLNL/hubcast: docs/guide-admin.md

---

## GitHub as a source forge

Hubcast uses the [GitHub App](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/using-github-apps/about-using-github-apps) feature to monitor repositories for changes and respond to events. To create an app, we'll need a webhook URL and webhook secret.

If you're deploying Hubcast in production, the webhook will be a link to your Hubcast instance (e.g., `https://hubcast.example.com/v1/events/src/github`).
If you're working in a development environment, we recommend using [smee.io](https://smee.io) to forward webhooks to your local machine. 

Create a strong, password-like string for the webhook secret. Hubcast will use this to verify webhooks came from GitHub.

With the webhook URL and secret, follow [GitHub's app registration guide](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/registering-a-github-app/registering-a-github-app).

The app will require the following permissions:
- repo contents: read
- pull requests: read and write (to comment on PRs)
- checks: read and write (to post CI status from the destination forge)
- issues: read (to read PR comments)

> Subscribe to the `push`, `pull request`, and `issue comments` events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> The app will require the following permissions:
> - repo contents: read
> - pull requests: read and write (to comment on PRs)
> - checks: read and write (to post CI status from the destination forge)
> - issues: read (to read PR comments)
>
> Subscribe to the `push`, `pull request`, and `issue comments` events.
```

Quick suggestion to make this a note block to help it standout to readers.

> The registration flow will ask [where the app can be installed](https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/registering-a-github-app/making-a-github-app-public-or-private). We recommend keeping the app private, as making the app publicly installable may result in external actors attempting to mirror their repositories to your configured destination forge. A private app can be configured to be owned by a GitHub organization, allowing it to be installed by any repository in that namespace.

Reviewer: This is very nicely worded!

Once your app is created, go to `Private Keys` -> `Generate a private key`, which will download a file with the `*.pem` extension.

> With Hubcast fully configured, all repositories that have this app installed will have their state synced to the destination forge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the GitHub App fully configured, all repositories that have this app installed will notify your Hubcast instance when their state is changed and requires a re-sync.
```

Quick wording change suggestion since we're not yet done configuring and launching Hubcast.
